[Music]
hi
i'm agatha welcome or welcome back to my
channel and for today's video it's going
to be another
makeup tutorial but i'm going to use a
very affordable eyeshadow palette i'm
going to feature
a very nice product this is this one
that mini palette from squad cosmetics
in the shade sneaky if you want to
achieve
this look oh by the way they are going
on sale
this 12 12 so stay tuned
11 11.
i also have another sheet right there
but for me if you want
iman neutrals perfect shots and hats
events for every day
sneaky or shy
so if you want to see how i did this
look then keep on watching
for the first step i am going to prime
my lids
but since i'm on home primer eye primer
and it's okay
but makeup artist
[Music]
but if you have an eyeshadow primer or
an eye primer then this is just
like everything but for me
[Music]
so the first one would be the lightest
shade right here so what i'm going to do
is to get it with the shader brush
tapas excess
and then you're going to put it
i lit small
once you put it blend it
and you are going to blend it making
sure you know a long harsh line
in the morning
[Music]
as you can see one sheet falling
next we're going to use the next shade
or the middle shade which is a
warm tone brown and i'm just going to
use a
kento
[Music]
okay angled
shading brush okay so get the pigment
tap off the excess and then
crease line new crease line
[Music]
we're just going
now that we are done blending it
we are going to move on to the darkest
shade which is
this dark brown with that i am just
going to use
the same brush the shader brush and what
we're going to do is to pack it
on
[Music]
it's perfect for events actually guys
not
my on the holidays you can still wear
this
studio making extra um
um
[Music]
so very close to the lash line
i don't know weird and since we saw
the like a dark shadow dark
fingers because
[Music]
it's all about blending it's all about
the color that you use
[Music]
since using just one
using just four sheets nah
putting a party but every day putting
mom meetings something like that so if
you want just comment down below or
like this video
[Music]
but either
about makeup but you want to learn
then what we are going to do is to get
the darkest shade right here
and put it here it's the lower lash line
are
[Music]
you can do it like this
or you can add shimmers for me i'm going
to add some shimmer paratha
shades so i'm just going to use my
finger
it's a really nice shade i will insert
a swatch right here how about enough
like
super pigmented
there you go i'm just going to do the
other side
and then i'll be back
[Music]
so this is the final look as you can see
perfect and if you want to see um
a makeup tutorial now meeting koto
with a lot of looks then comment down
below
but i hope you enjoyed this video like
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see
more of me and yeah if you do have some
suggestions leave them
down below because it promised the video
and i have a lot of
reviews coming soon and my
recommendations
[Music]
bye